DOCS-5438 Provide more context to the custom session token guide (#762)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/backend-requests/making/custom-session-token.mdx

  The entire session token has a max size of 4kb. Exceeding this size can have adverse effects, including a possible infinite redirect loop for users who exceed this size on Next applications.
</Callout>

{/* TODO: Update the H3 to an H2 when the Steps component can accept headings other than H3. */}

<Steps>

### Add custom claims to your session token

> 1. Navigate to your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=sessions).

Reviewer: We should remove the periods at the ends of these list items, right?

Author: It's not a fragment sentence, it's a full sentence

alt="Clerk Dashboard showing the custom claim modal"
/>

### Use the custom claims in your application

> The `Auth` object in the `@clerk/nextjs` package includes a `sessionClaims` property that contains the custom claims you added to your session token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Auth` object](/docs/references/nextjs/authentication-object#authentication-object) in the `@clerk/nextjs` package includes a `sessionClaims` property that contains the custom claims you added to your session token.
```

```
</CodeBlockTabs>

### Add global TypeScript type for custom session claims

> To get auto-complete and prevent TypeScript errors when working with custom session claims, you can add a global TypeScript type for custom session claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get auto-complete and prevent TypeScript errors when working with custom session claims, you can define a global type.
```
